Yeah.
America.
I went to raohe street.
I was like everything like I had for street food. I had like whether
popular one which like a pork grill.
The oasis has like a night market over there and the parking is too busy...
They like line because so many people know about it.
Um... mostly Taipei.
But then I went down to like Khao, Khaosiung, which is one of the salons.
Most like cities of Taiwan.
So, Yeah. Over takes a lot of place like night market.
Yeah. Taipei too but
Yeah, I have like um.... really good noodles. um...
I think like pork too. Um... and then had like...
Oh. Yeah, Boba too. I had a lot of those.
Yeah, it's the origin. Yeah.
Yes...
Yeah.
growing up...
Oh.
Yeah.
mmh
City uh... For me, I'm probably like...
mostly like an hour thirty. It's like really really good.
Yeah.
Yeah... Yeah, I have to wait.
some of the restaurants in Japan when I went. Like um... I remember I waited like
an hour and 15 minutes for like this really good like Gyukatsu spot.
in Kyoto and I was like freezing because it was so cold
Noodles. Yeah... It's like one of the best like Gyukatsu that I had.
No. I was born in Australia.
Yeah, I just feel like fun with like friends or whatever. I like with friends. Yeah.
Yeah. They have. Yeah.
Oh, I think a few times, yeah, but I know like my mom said that.
it's really genuine for other hometown like what I
this is when i was like four and then compared to like
After 15 years, that's the second time that I went back.
like they kind of told me how like yeah so much things have like changed
for like back then. Yeah.
Kagoshima.
Kirishima? It's pretty fascinating.
mmh
Yeah, I heard. Yeah, it's really hot in the summer. Yeah.
Yeah.
Um... I think Kagoshima has like...
Kurobuta. Like ramen.
Yeah. I think that's there specialty.
Yeah, yeah.
Maybe...Yeah.
Yeah.